Implementation of additional configs for clear-text reporter (#4330)
stryker-mutator/stryker-js: docs/configuration.md

    "allowColor": true,
    "allowEmojis": false,
    "logTests": true,
    "maxTestsToLog": 3,
    "reportAllTests": true,

>     "reportAllMutants": true,

Reviewer: Could we rephrase them as `reportTests` and `reportMutants`? That way we could in the future expand the options here to specify states as an array. For example `"reportMutants": ["killed"]`

Author: Absolutely, those naming conventions do fit better especially for future-proofing for later expansion.

- `allowColor` to use cyan and yellow in printing source file names and positions. This defaults to `true`, so specify as `clearTextReporter: { allowColor: false },` to disable if you must.
- `logTests` to log the names of unit tests that were run to allow mutants. By default, only the first three are logged. The config for your config file is: `clearTextReporter: { logTests: true },`
- `maxTestsToLog` to show more tests that were executed to kill a mutant when `logTests` is true. The config for your config file is: `clearTextReporter: { logTests: true, maxTestsToLog: 7 },`

> - `reportAllTests` to log all tests. This defaults to `true`, so specify as `clearTextReporter: { reportAllTests: false },` to disable if you must.
> - `reportAllMutants` to log all mutants. This defaults to `true`, so specify as `clearTextReporter: { reportAllMutants: false },` to disable if you must.
> - `reportScoreTable` to log score table. This defaults to `true`, so specify as `clearTextReporter: { reportScoreTable: false },` to disable if you must.

Reviewer: The defaults can already be viewed above. I also rephased it a bit so it is more clear what to expect (I hope).

```suggestion
- `reportTests` to log tests. When set to `true` this reporter will report a list of all tests with the amounts of mutants they killed (if any).
- `reportMutants` to log mutants. When set to `true` this reporter will report each `Survived` and `NoCoverage` mutant to the stdout, as well as log other mutant states on debug log level.
- `reportScoreTable` to log the score table. When set to `true` this reporter will end with a summary table with a row per mutated file.
```

Author: Those descriptions look great, will update to them!
